
Speaker 1  19:55  
Yeah, thank you. Answer. Knowledge management is about knowledge management. Question. So how do you guys in your company handle all the information that's passed around Office? You know, again, it's because it's an internal issue, what tools or tricks do you use to make it much more understandable? And in respect to the job? No, to be much more dire.

Speaker 2  20:22  
I think that's something very the company's not completely good. So like, very often, I know some gossip on officially before it gets official. So of course, there's information leakage, which finger company is not dealing with very well, because people talk and that's always going to be the case. And within company, you're also allowed to share this information. Of course, it's different if you share something outside the organization. But I think what they could improve is to be more transparent, and the managers should introduce new decisions or the big concepts before they start to leak out from the, from the people. And then then there are also these personal gossips that about personal lives of employees, I think there's obviously no way to stop it, because as long as people are rubbing coffee together in the office discuss it will happen.

Speaker 1  21:13  
Absolutely. Next one is about balancing individualism and teamwork. And how do you make sure everyone gets to do their own thing while still working together? And you know, bouncing ideas off each other?

Speaker 2  21:31  
Online communication, basically. So I think this is the summary of all the answers that I gave before I work on my own market you need within my team, I'm alone doing this from the people that are in the same function as I am, the others are doing something else from the Hungarians. But yet, I still meet the people weekly, who do the same thing as I do just for different market units. And we just share ideas, questions concerns, new campaigns. So I think it's about having this platform to talk as much as possible.

Speaker 1  22:04  
Next one goes for trust building trust, what's your secret, to make everyone comfortable enough to speak their minds and share their insights within the company? I

Speaker 2  22:18  
think it's about the relationship between the managers and the employees. Because of course, with the with other employees, I feel safe, because if we discuss something, we're in the same shoes, but with the manager, it's harder, I think, to share information, because you know, they are your bosses, they have more like right to decide. But I think it's again about how much I have had a one on one conversation. And then my boss, I aim to have at least like weekly one talk where it's just her and I talking so that in the end, if I have any issues with my career, the next steps in my career, I can share it with her, I can share my concerns. And I know that she will understand it because she was there along the process. So she knows not just my decision, but maybe what has happened before what could have led to it. And not just out of the blue information, sort of.

Speaker 1  23:11  
Yeah, the next the role of diversity. What kind of effect does having a diverse group of workers how on sharing ideas and coming up with new stuff within the company?

Speaker 2  23:27  
And I think as 100%, diverse team that I mean, like I don't know, anybody from the same background as myself. Everything, like everything comes down to this in the end that we can talk. But that said, it depends on the hiring, they already hired the people who are sensitive to this in the sense that they will not want to talk or not talk to someone based on their culture. So it's an absolutely accepting and open environment. Yeah, yeah. And I think it's also no toleration within the company for anything like this.

Speaker 1  24:02  
All right, right. Now we come to the last question. Importance of experimentation. Why do you think it's cool to experiment and try out new things when it comes to sharing knowledge and innovative ideas in the company gotten any example of experiment that worked and brought something new to the table? You know, I would be happy to hear about that. I think

Speaker 2  24:29  
again, learning by doing is often very effective. And here I can also mention this outreach tool that I said before, because it was not used before. And when I started working with it and introducing it to my market unit. First, there was a lot of resistance from other colleagues, of course, because they have been working their own ways with Excel sheets and manual emails for 10s of years. So it's not so easy to convince somebody that has been doing their job for lots of yours as a newcomer, that maybe this new tool is a great way to, to change the processes that might be a bit outdated. But I think if there is if you build trust with this person based on results or you show them nice results, then they will start trusting you and then it's sort of a loop and then they let you again, come with your new ideas and try them out and like as long as you have nice results and you have a nice personal relationship. I think as the time passes, they will let you do more and more along the way.

Speaker 1  25:29  
Yeah, exactly. If you don't mind I stopped recording now.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
